update docs/app-dev/abci-cli.md (#3747)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/app-dev/abci-cli.md

We have implemented the counter in a number of languages [see the
example directory](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/tree/develop/abci/example).

> To run the Node JS version, You'll also need to fetch the relevant repository, from [here](https://github.com/tendermint/js-abci), then install it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Node.js version, fist download & install [the Javascript ABCI server](https://github.com/tendermint/js-abci):
```

```
git clone https://github.com/tendermint/js-abci.git
cd js-abci
npm install abci
```

> Now run the app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can start the app:
```
